If you do not push the boundaries, you will never know where they are.
He who leaves the game wins it.
The secret of perfect health lies in keeping the mind always cheerful - never worried, never hurried, never borne down by any fear, thought or anxiety.
Night is a more quiet time to work. It aids thought.
Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully.  
It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing.
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Have a vision. Be demanding.
It is in the darkness that one finds the light.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
Unless you're ashamed of yourself now and then, you're not honest.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Words are the clothing of our thoughts.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.
Where violence reigns, reason is weak.
Everyone must choose one of two pains: The pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
It is the power of thought that gives man power over nature.
Love the life you live, live the life you love.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. 
The decisions of our past are the architects of our present.
Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them.  
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
There is no value in anything until it is finished. 
Any game becomes important when you know and love the players.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. 
When it comes to mastering a skill, time is the magic ingredient.
With self-discipline, almost anything is possible.
Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
It's the job that's never started that takes the longest to finish.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear. 
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.  
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
There's no coming to consciousness without pain
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
It's not the love you make. It's the love you give. 
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Enthusiasm is a vital element toward the individual success of every man or woman.
Associate yourself with men of good quality, if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company. 
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive.
The only difference between success and failure is the ability to take action.
The friendship that can cease has never been real. 
Good entrepreneurs don't fail because they stay at it.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Health is the greatest of all possessions.
Where focus goes, energy flows.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans. 
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
FEAR has two meanings: 'Forget Everything And Run' or 'Face Everything And Rise.' The choice is yours.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
It is children only who enjoy the present; their elders either live on the memory of the past or the hope of the future.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life.
Don't settle, and don't struggle.
Know yourself and you will win all battles.
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!
People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing.
Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch.
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!
Discipline is the mark of intelligent living.
To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss.
The more often a stupidity is repeated, the more it gets the appearance of wisdom.
When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray.
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
Peace begins with a smile.
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself.
Take into account that great love and great achievements involve great risk.
The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
Never take your position for granted and never let any favors you receive go to your head.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Every traveler has a home of his own, and he learns to appreciate it the more from his wandering.
People acting together as a group can accomplish things which no individual acting alone could ever hope to bring about.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
If you can't, you must. If you must, you can.
The heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself.
The grass is greener where you water it.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge...
The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had. 
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Falling down is not failure. Failure comes when you stay where you have fallen.
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. 
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.  
What are we doing here, that is the question.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Living a life that has a greater purpose and living up to it is the ultimate degree that we should strive for.
Courage is not having the strength to go on; it is going on when you don't have the strength.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.
Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it's your responsibility that you're happy.
The best fighter is never angry.
The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Every day is an opportunity to a make a new happy ending.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea.
Do something to move yourself toward your major goal every day.
To do great work one must be very idle as well as very industrious.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. 
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. 
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.
A man with outward courage dares to die: a man with inner courage dares to live.
The strongest and sweetest songs yet remain to be sung.
The scariest moment is always just before you start. After that, things can only get better.
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness.
Life is one long process of getting tired.
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on.
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always got. 
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Freeing oneself from words is liberation. 
People inspire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters.
A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
I defeat my enemies when I make them my friends.
Trust your instincts: my first reaction is almost invariably the right one.  
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability. 
Don't wait for the right opportunity: create it.
An approximate answer to the right question is worth a great deal more than a precise answer to the wrong question.
If he cannot stop the mind that seeks after fame and profit, he will spend his life without finding peace.
Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Words are clothes that thoughts wear
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.
A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying, that he is wiser today than yesterday.
Life begins where fear ends.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run. Don't take yourself so seriously.
No matter who you are, we're creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations.
Fear is your worst enemy. Risk is your best friend.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
He who knows best knows how little he knows.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory.
The strength of a wall is neither greater nor less than the courage of the men who defend it. 
Attitude, not aptitude, determines altitude.  
We love the things we love for what they are.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
The greatest of all mistakes is to do nothing because you think you can only do a little.  
Anyone who wants to achieve a dream must stay strong, focused and steady.
Confidence is the greatest friend.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
I live by letting things happen.
You never know when a moment and a few sincere words can have an impact on a life.  
We need never be ashamed of our tears.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
All that a man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts.
Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners.
Intelligent people make many mistakes because they cannot believe the world is really as foolish as it is.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights.
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.  
Love is the absence of judgment.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Boldness makes even the smallest animal dangerous.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.
Awaken. Take heed, do not squander your life.
There are three classes of people: those who see. Those who see when they are shown. Those who do not see.
When the time is gone, you can never get it back.
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
Being a good example is the best form of service.
Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.  
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul.
The Law of Concentration states that whatever you dwell upon grows. The more you think about something, the more it becomes part of your reality.
The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny.
The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
The biggest adventure is what lies ahead.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard. 
Imagination is the beginning of creation.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. 
The truth is simple. If it was complicated, everyone would understand it.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it. Is it reckless? Maybe. But what do dreams know of boundaries.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
You are a function of what the whole universe is doing in the same way that a wave is a function of what the whole ocean is doing.
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.
Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone.
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time.
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.
Today I begin a new life. I will greet this day with love in my heart.
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. 
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere. 
A leader leads by example, not by force.
Ponder and deliberate before you make a move.
You win more from losing than winning.
an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure. 
The first thing you learn in life is you're a fool. The last thing you learn in life is you're the same fool.  
The greatest doer must also be a great dreamer.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.
It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into.
The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
Ask no questions, and you'll be told no lies.
There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained.
To some degree, you control your life by controlling your time.
Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
There are two ways of seeing: with the body and with the soul. The body's sight can sometimes forget, but the soul remembers forever.
Contemplation often makes life miserable.  We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. 
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. 
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Words are like Leaves; and where they most abound, Much Fruit of Sense beneath is rarely found.
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound.
It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.  
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
To lead the people, walk behind them.
Logic is like the sword – those who appeal to it shall perish by it.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.
I wasn't brave, I just didn't have time to be scared.
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. Be grateful you have a glass - you're the only person that can decide what's in it.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
I will not walk backward in life.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. 
If you set your goals ridiculously high and its a failure, you will fail above everyone elses success.
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean. 
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
The less people know, the more stubbornly they know it.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance. 
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
Where words fail, music speaks.
Each problem has a positive side.
Conscience is a man's compass. 
The clock indicates the moment...but what does eternity indicate?
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there.
Life is a process. We are a process. The universe is a process.
It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy.
The only problem we really have is we think we're not supposed to have problems! Problems call us to higher level- - face & solve them now!
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. 
Be strong. Be confident. Be the star of your own life.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
Our life isn't how much we can take out, but how much we can put in.  
When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so shall he be.
Find something you love and do it better than everyone else.
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.
If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere. 
Nothing makes a man broad-minded like adversity.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. 
A mistake is only an error, it becomes a mistake when you fail to correct it.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.
Your only limitations are those you set up in your mind or permit others to set up for you.
Don't bother people for help without first trying to solve the problem yourself.
Success is not what you do when you are on top.  Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom.
The most important things are the hardest to say.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength. 
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile.
Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there.
Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. 
You change the world by being yourself.
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
If you want to be sad, no one in the world can make you happy. But if you make up your mind to be happy, no one and nothing on earth can take that happiness from you.
Nothing has any power over me other than that which I give it through my conscious thoughts.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Life is filled with secrets. You can't learn them all at once.
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any.
Creative endeavors are by their nature uncertain.
There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way.
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power.
I would rather be a little nobody, then to be an evil somebody.
At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
People are weird. When we find someone with weirdness that is compatible with ours, we team up and call it love.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. 
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
What worries you, masters you.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated. 
No kind action ever stops with itself. One kind action leads to another. Good example is followed.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? 
Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.
Life is not just the passing of time. Life is the collection of experiences and their intensity.
Short cuts make long delays.
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself.
Don't spend major time on minor things.
Passion is born deaf and dumb.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see.
Eighty percent of success is showing up. 
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. 
Opportunity comes when you continually push forward.
The whole world is a series of miracles, but we're so used to them we call them ordinary things.
The truth is not for all men, but for those who seek it.
Change yourself and you have done your part in changing the world.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what you like but in liking what you have to do.
Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious. 
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
To improve is to change, so to be perfect is to change often.
It's better to dance than to march through life.
We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.
Your neighbor is the man who needs you.
The problem happens when we have multiple desires. When we have fuzzy desires. When we want to do ten different things and we're not clear about which is the one we care about.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
It is best to begin at the beginning.
Change begets change. Nothing propagates so fast.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.  
Note that this journey is uniquely yours, no one elses. So the path has to be your own.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small.
Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure.
Nothing is more creative...nor destructive...than a brilliant mind with a purpose.
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected. 
Enlightenment is intimacy with all things.
If you see a get rich quick scheme, that's someone else trying to get rich off of you.
Courage Is a Love Affair with the Unknown
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees.
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. 
Where there's life, there's hope.
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. 
A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination.
Be a master of change rather than a victim of change.
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift – today.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form.
If you want to see things just as they are, then you yourself must practice just as you are.
The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes.
As a matter of fact is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you.
Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life.
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
We will now discuss in a little more detail the Struggle for Existence.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
Surrender to what is. Let go of what was. Have faith in what will be.
I have lost friends, some by death...others by sheer inability to cross the street.
The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
This is such a short and precious life that it's really important that you don't spend it being unhappy.
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
When you say yes to change, you are choosing to navigate that path peacefully and happily and see where it takes you.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.  
Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure. People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive.
The past has no power over the present moment. 
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall be disappointed.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
To be alive - is Power.
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost.
A person is only by the thoughts that he chooses.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
The first rule of business; treat others like they want to treat you.
The world only exists in your eyes. You can make it as big or as small as you want.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Life should be touched, not strangled.  
Keep others in suspense, cultivate an air of unpredictability.
The best of us sometimes eat our words.  
One of the most difficult things is not to change society - but to change yourself.
Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before.
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.
My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts.
A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Be royal in your own fashion: act like a king to be treated like one.
If you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
Most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality. 
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
Learning never exhausts the mind. 
A man is literally what he thinks.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you. 
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Your past does not equal your future.
There will always be suffering. But we must not suffer over the suffering.
Be curious, not judgmental.
Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain.
Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker.
The most tragic thing in the world is a man of genius who is not a man of honor.
Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
You are not one person, but three: The one you think you are; The one others think you are; The one you really are.
If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'
The more you are grateful for what you have the more you will have to be grateful for.  
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
There are more people who wish to be loved than there are who are willing to love. 
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. 
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Things do not have meaning. We assign meaning to everything.
Don't look for meaning in the words. Listen to the silences.
Associate with people who are likely to improve you.  
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it.
Truth is exact correspondence with reality. 
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. 
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge.
You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action.
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self.
Confidence breeds beauty.  
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
Without the confidence, nothing can be accomplished.
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
There is a wisdom of the head, and there is a wisdom of the heart.
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. 
An inventor is a man who asks Why? of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind.
The more rejection you get, the better you are, the more you've learned, the closer you are to your outcome.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire?
You're on earth. There's no cure for that.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others succeed.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.  
You cannot change your destination overnight but you can change your direction overnight.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you got.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive.
Life is a challenge, meet it! Life is a dream, realize it! Life is a game, play it! Life is love, enjoy it!
A path is made by walking on it.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. 
A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding. His whole life is lost in this way.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
All leaders are readers.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
Only by acceptance of the past, can you alter it.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Never settle for the crumbs of life.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. 
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
When asked, how do you write? I invariably answer, one word at a time.
Mastery is not a function of genius or talent, it is a function of time and intense focus applied to a particular field of knowledge.
New beginnings are disguised as painful endings.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
Conquer the devils with a little thing called love.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy, it's all that matters.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily, even if you had no title or position.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. 
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying.
If we are honest with ourselves, most of us will have to admit that we live out our lives in an ocean of fear.
Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act on building the life you desire.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
What kills the creative force is not age or lack of talent, but our own spirit, our own attitude.
Death walks faster than the wind and never returns what he has taken.
The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
Time heals what reason cannot.  
The first rule of handling conflict is don't hang around people who are constantly engaging in conflict.
We cannot expect to be happy always... by experiencing evil as well as good we become wise.
You want to live but do you know how to live? You are scared of dying and tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead?
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one. 
Our life is what our thoughts make it. A man will find that as he alters his thoughts toward things and other people, things and other people will alter towards him.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
For all evils there are two remedies - time and silence.
Like it or not, this moment is all we really have to work with.
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
Even when a friend does something you do not like, he continues to be your friend. 
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
The world doesn't always give you want, but it often gives you what you need.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
Life is not meant to be easy my child, but take courage: it can be delightful.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it.
We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
It isn't what you do, but how you do it.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. 
Always keep your eyes open. Keep watching. Because whatever you see can inspire you.
Forgive those who have hurt you.
Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.
20 percent of your activities will account for 80 percent of your results.
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die.
Do all things with love.
Remain calm. Be kind.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
When you are able to employ your will always for constructive purposes, you become the controller of your destiny.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken 
When the root is strong, the fruit is sweet.
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have.
Every hour of every day is an unspeakably perfect miracle.
Love your enemies, for they tell you your faults.
If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.  
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Natural talent only determines the limits of your athletic potential. It's dedication and a willingness to discipline your life that makes you great.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dream.
To get angry is like to revenge yourself for the guilt of others.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
It's better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing, than a long life spent in a miserable way.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. 
It matters not who you love, where you love, why you love, when you love or how you love, it matters only that you love.
Stuff your eyes with wonder... live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference.
Some of us learn from other people's mistakes and the rest of us have to be other people.  
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.
The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it.
Life must be rich and full of loving-it's no good otherwise, no good at all, for anyone.  
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no insurmountable barrier except our own inherent weakness of purpose.
Faults are yours to fix, not to curse.
Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors. 
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.  
Inspire yourself to be great. Being good isn't good enough.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Every drop in the ocean counts. 
Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want success faster, double your rate of failure.
It's not about what it is, it's about what it can become.
What people need and what they want may be very different.
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart.
Engage in those actions and thoughts that nurture the good qualities you want to have.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
The difference between treason and patriotism is only a matter of dates.
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively.
We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead.
Hardly anybody recognizes the most significant moments of their life at the time they happen.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
What you seek is seeking you.
If I persist long enough I will win.
The power of human thought grows exponentially with the number of minds that share that thought.
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.
Think and wonder, wonder and think.
Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech. 
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day.
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.
Failure is an option, fear is not.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.
If you want peace, you won't get it with violence.
Be as fluid as water, do not give your enemies anything solid to attack.
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse.
It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
You may think I'm small, but I have a universe inside my mind.
Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else.
When one door closes another door opens. 
Being spiritual has nothing to do with what you believe and everything to do with your state of consciousness.
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive.
Freedom lies in being bold.
The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will'. Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain.
Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer.
Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. 
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
Men do not attract which they want but that which they are.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Little by little, one travels far.
Be where your enemy is not.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. 
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
Any fool can turn a blind eye but who knows what the ostrich sees in the sand.
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
If you want work well done, select a busy man; the other kind has no time.
Talent is luck. The important thing in life is courage.
Failure is the highway to success.
Know your gifts and share them.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day!
The more we have the less we own.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.
When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
One always begins to forgive a place as soon as it's left behind.
Without the rain there would be no rainbow.
To the world you may be one person; but to one person you may be the world.
Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages. 
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
You don't know who is important to you until you actually lose them.
The only people without problems are those in cemeteries.
As mortals, we're ruled by conditions, not by ourselves.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
Give credit where credit is due: simply said, if you want loyalty and best effort, you must be thoughtful.  
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
I think self-awareness is probably the most important thing towards being a champion. 
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. 
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
The future is no more uncertain than the present.
Turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream.
Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
You will succeed because most people are lazy.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
There can be no greater gift than that of giving one's time and energy to help others without expecting anything in return.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do to-day.
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self.
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.  
You have as much laughter as you have faith.
To be prepared is half the victory. 
Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
We must create our own world or we will die from inaction.
A gentleman accepts the responsibility of his actions and bears the burden of their consequences.
Sometimes a change of perspective is all it takes to see the light.
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.  
Not all those who wander are lost.
Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. 
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of questions you ask.
Public opinion is the worst of all opinions.
Success comes to those who become success conscious.
If you only knew the magnificence of the 3, 6, and 9, then you would have a key to the universe.
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in.
Don't gain the world and lose your soul. Wisdom is better than silver and gold.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think.
We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth. Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation.
Forget safety. Live where you fear to live.
Only one thing is ever guaranteed, that is that you will definitely not achieve the goal if you don't take the shot.
Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves.
Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always comes around to where you started again.
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Deeds will not be less valiant because they are upraised.
Only by attracting the best people will you accomplish great deeds.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.
We have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.
Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows.
Leadership is solving problems
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.  
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do.
The person who cannot control his words shows that he cannot control himself.
There are as many opinions as there are experts.
A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control.
The only way round is through.
You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are.
It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one.
Paths are made by walking.
Play your part in life, but never forget that it is only a role.
As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract.
Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things.
Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory.
The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
You purchase pain with all that joy can give and die of nothing but a rage to live.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.
Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams.
We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
Remember, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
It's your life; you don't need someone's permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.
We turn not older with years but newer every day.
Many roads lead to the path, but basically there are only two: reason and practice. 
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.  
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher. 
An un-examined life is not worth living.
We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.
You were born to win, but to be a winner you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.
Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
If it entertains you now but will bore you someday, it's a distraction. Keep looking.
Always focus on the front windshield and not the rear view mirror.
Don't let anyone define you. You define yourself.
Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
We can choose to look at whatever we want.  We can look at what's wrong in our life or we can look at what's right.
Either get busy living or get busy dying.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
If you can handle rejection, you'll learn to get everything you want.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
If you want something you've never had you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
May you live all the days of your life.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.
Do not fight with pigs - you will be smeared in mud but the pig will like it.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities. 
All know the way; few actually walk it. 
The greatest value of a picture is when it forces us to notice what we never expected to see.
Just because you are happy it does not mean that the day is perfect but that you have looked beyond its imperfections.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. 
Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Success is never final; failure is never fatal.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. 
The health of nations is more important than the wealth of nations.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. 
Every defeat, every heartbreak every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do. 
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Act the way you want to be and soon you'll be the way you act.
Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become.
When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission.  
Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is you-er than you.
Empty yourself of everything - let the mind become still.
The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
If they wrote it to make money, don't read it.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. 
People don't realize that now is all there ever is; there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind.
You are free, and that is why you are lost. 
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph. 
The whole problem with the world is the fools and fanatics are always so sure of themselves, and wiser people are full of doubts.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday.
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say. 
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
The truth… It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
The power to make and break habits and learning how to do that is really important.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience.
Self-control is strength.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Living life in style also means living a life of balance.
My actions are my only true belongings. I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which I stand.
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic. 
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. 
To find yourself, think for yourself.
What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other?
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
To accomplish big things, I am convinced you must first dream big dreams.
Change yourself - you are in control.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Be - don't try to become 
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened.
Nothing is more real than nothing.
Success is good at any age, but the sooner you find it, the longer you will enjoy it.
Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
Be polite to all, but intimate with few.
Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?
Always try to be a little kinder than necessary.
Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment.
The past is history. It no longer exists, but you are keeping it alive in your mind through your thoughts.  Let it go. It is not serving you.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
The dreamers are the saviors of the worlds.
This is the real secret of life - to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.
Nothing is easier than fault finding.
First comes the shy wish. Then you must have the heart to have the dream. Then, you work, and work.  
Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune.
The heart that gives, gathers.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases,Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Family not only needs to consist of merely those whom we share blood, but also of those whom we'd give blood.
Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.
The more reasons you have for achieving your goal, the more determined you will become.
Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.
Forever is composed of now's.
The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on.
Sometimes things become possible if we want them bad enough.
Trust is the glue that holds people together and is the lubricant that keeps an organization moving forward.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.  
If you try to micromanage yourself all you're going to do is make yourself miserable.
All has not been said and never will be.
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.
If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results.
The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Good things aren't supposed to just fall into your lap.
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. 
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Lost Time is never found again.
Do anything, but let it produce joy.
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now.
It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. 
Whatever is begun in anger, ends in shame.
There is an essence of when you are fearless, you become more creative.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.  
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. 
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.
A man that flies from his fear may find that he has only taken a short cut to meet it.
Giving is living. If you stop wanting to give, there's nothing more to live for.
Everybody's life is either rewarding or an example.
He who possesses most must be most afraid of loss.
When it hurts - observe. Life is trying to teach you something.
We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted.
Death smiles at us all. All we can do is smile back.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
The way to change others' minds is with affection, and not anger.
Make yourself so useful to other people, that they think you are irreplaceable.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
To be of use to the world is the only way to be happy.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life. 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
Dark times lie ahead of us and there will be a time when we must choose between what is easy and what is right.
You are not what you think you are, You are not what others think you are, You are what you think others think you are.
If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore.
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. 
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all.
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it - teach yourself.
Power is not what we do but what we do not - hasty and unwise actions that we repeat every day and which ultimately bring us into trouble.
There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress.
We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it.
A thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Not doing it is certainly the best way to not getting it.  
The one who boasts does so only out of a feeling of inferiority.
Leaders spend 5% of their time on the problem & 95% of their time on the solution. Get over it & crush it!
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.
The only way it gets better for you is when you get better. Better is not something you wish, it's something you become.
He who can, does.
Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own.
Nourish the mind like you would your body. The mind cannot survive on junk food.
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
It's necessary to get the losers out of your life if you want to live your dream.
We are always complaining that our days are few, and acting as though there would be no end of them.  
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
All cruelty springs from weakness.  
Be fascinated instead of frustrated.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.
Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you.
You may delay, but time will not.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost.
Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.
Rest in reason; move in passion.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
The heart wants what it wants. There's no logic. 
I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
There is nothing like looking if you want to find something.
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter.
Always show more kindness than seems necessary because the person receiving it needs it more than you will ever know.
We must cultivate our garden. 
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Truth is such a rare thing, it is delighted to tell it.
The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.
Facts are the enemy of truth. 
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. 
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live!
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. 
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. 
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. 
The best way out is always through.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Don't learn to do, but learn in doing.
The key to success is action.
Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
You are always your own best guru, your own best teacher, the answers are always inside you.
Understanding that rests in what it does not understand is the finest.
It is well known that those who do not trust themselves never trust others.
Welcome every morning with a smile. Look on the new day as another gift from your Creator, another golden opportunity.
Genius is the ability to act rightly without precedent - the power to do the right thing the first time.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. 
Decide upon your major definite purpose in life and then organize all your activities around it.
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it the second time.
When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything.
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things. 
Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others.
Often we pass beside happiness without seeing it, without looking at it, or even if we have seen and looked at it, without recognizing it.
None of us can change our yesterdays but all of us can change our tomorrows.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
Do what is right, not what is easy, nor what is popular.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
Where does a thought go when it's forgotten?
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. 
Take the attitude of a student. Never be too big to ask questions. Never know too much to learn something new.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. if you are at peace, you are living in the present.
If you don't program yourself, life will program you.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. 
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
He who knows how to wait need make no concessions.
Be willing to be a beginner every single morning.
Beware of false knowledge, it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out.
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.
Unless a man is master of his soul, all other kinds of mastery amount to little.
Art is the signature of civilizations. 
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow. 
Keep your face always toward the sunshine -  shadows will fall behind you.
The more perfect a person is on the outside, the more demons they have on the inside.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope
Don't Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
It's easier to lose than to win.  
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
The goal of an artist is to create the definitive work that cannot be surpassed.
When you want to be honored by others, you learn to honor them first.
Cease striving. Then there will be transformation.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Happiness is a choice and a skill and you can dedicate yourself to learning that skill and making that choice.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
I discovered a long time ago that if I helped enough people get what they wanted, I would always get what I wanted and I would never have to worry.
Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine.
Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.  
We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. 
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.
To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
Dream big and dare to fail.
The ability to hold two competing thoughts in one's mind and still be able to function is the mark of a superior mind.
The journey, not the destination matters.
You know the more one does the more one can do.
All problems are interpersonal relationship problems.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to. Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know he is dead.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and got to work.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands.
Don't give up the fight, Stand up for your rights.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old. 
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.
The important thing is not what one is born with but what use one makes of that equipment.
There's more to life than being a passenger.
What a liberation to realize that 'the voice in my head' is not who I am. Who am I then? The one who sees that.
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.
Hope is not a strategy. Luck is not a factor. Fear is not an option.
When you are talented you do it whatever it is until your fingers bleed or your eyes are ready to fall out of your head.
Mind is the creator of everything. You should therefore guide it to create only good.
Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster. 
We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences 
Longevity is a fleeting moment that lasts forever.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. 
The wise speak only of what they know.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Till it has loved, no man or woman can become itself.
Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined.
It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on.
We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. 
To become what you are not, behave as you do not.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.  
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted. 
Giving is the secret of a healthy life. Not necessarily money, but whatever a person has of encouragement, sympathy and understanding.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. 
Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing.
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Your life will never be the same again.
Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present.
You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens.
Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack.  
To earn more you must learn more.
Common sense is not so common. 
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. 
Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
You cannot find peace avoiding life.
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Never feel shame for trying and failing, for he who has never failed is he who has never tried.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
A zen master's life is one continuous mistake.
You must be willing to do what others won't do, to have what others won't have.
To a mind that is still, the entire universe surrenders.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
Life can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously.
Having lots of money while not having inner peace is like dying of thirst while bathing in the ocean.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others but that he can mold and master his own will.
Do it with passion, or not at all.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
The sun shines upon good and bad alike.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. 
It is very obvious that we are not influenced by “facts” but by our interpretation of the facts.
Projecting your mind into a successful situation is the most powerful means to achieve goals.  
Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Only he who has no use for the empire is fit to be entrusted with it.
Allow motion to equal emotion.
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.
Conscience is a dog that does not stop us from passing but that we cannot prevent from barking.
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind.
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
If you're afraid - don't do it, - if you're doing it - don't be afraid! 
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.  
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
It ain't where you start in life, it's where you end up, and what you did along the way.
Darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines, it will shine out the clearer.
The future depends on what you do today. 
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching.
Stay away from people who makes you feel like you are wasting their time.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth. 
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness but it is greatness.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
What you become is far more important than what you get.
Every day is lost in which we do not learn something useful. Man has no nobler or more valuable possession than time.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
It is far easier to start something than it is to finish it.
Courage is the willingness to engage in a risk-taking behavior regardless of whether the consequences are unknown or possibly adverse.
Leaders think and talk about solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems.
Life goes by very fast. And the worst thing in life that you can have is a job that you hate, and have no energy and creativity in.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.
Get mad, then get over it.
Life is the dancer and you are the dance.
You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level.
Today will never happen again. Don't waste it with a false start or no start at all.
Worry is a waste of emotional reserve.
Never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become.
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it.
If you want more luck, take more chances.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. 
When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?
Success is about creating value.
Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man. 
Nothing ever happened in the past that can prevent you from being present now; and if the past cannot prevent you from being present now, what power does it have?
The businessman's tool is value.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed.
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything.
Honor is the foundation of courage.
To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge.
There exists only the present instant; a Now which always and without end is itself new.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
In youth we run into difficulties. In old age difficulties run into us. 
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Never do to others what you would not like them to do to you. 
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
No matter who you are, we’re creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night. 
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Evil is whatever distracts. 
Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
A simple rule in dealing with those who are hard to get along with is to remember that this person is striving to assert his superiority; and you must deal with him from that point of view.
It is important to fight and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then can evil be kept at bay though never quite eradicated.
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be. 
Observe things as they are and don't pay attention to other people.
For things to change, you have to change.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Study logic and math, because once you've mastered them, you won't fear any book.
Turn your wounds into wisdom. 
Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.
Let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out.
There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. 
The pen is the tongue of the mind. 
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.
Identify your problems, but give your power and energy to solutions.
Ideas do not reach perfection in a day, no matter how much study is put upon them.
The more you are focused on time - past and future - the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is.
Life is a long lesson in humility. 
From morning till night, we should never rely on a single thing.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. 
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Nothing is too high for a man to reach, but he must climb with care and confidence
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart. 
It is often safer to be in chains than to be free. 
Tradition is the illusion of permanence. 
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
You are free, and that is why you are lost.
Take interest and even delight in doing the small things well.
You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions.
The more you give, the more comes back to you.
The thing about smart people is that they seem like crazy people to dumb people.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise. 
Your happiness is what truly matters most. Do what you have to do in order to be happy.
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma – but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.  
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure, till you know there is no hook beneath it.
It is passion that makes man live; wisdom makes one only last.
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.
Just as true humor is laughter at oneself, true humanity is knowledge of oneself.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways.
Heroes don't need to talk about what they did.
Go as far as you can see and you will see further.  
Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.
Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.
Simplicity is the glory of expression.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple.
We run to win, not just to be in the race.  
If you done it, it ain't bragging.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. 
Discipline yourself, and others won't need to.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
Give more than you think you can, trusting that you are richer than you think.
All problems are illusions of the mind.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Your mind will make you rich or poor, depending on the use you put to it.
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence.
Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education.
Don't think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money.
Don't shortchange yourself when it comes to investing in your own better future.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
Be not glad at the misfortune of another, though he may be your enemy. 
Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do.
If you want to know what God thinks about money just look at the people He gives it to.
Start the day with love, spend the day with love, fill the day with love and end the day with love.
The greatest work that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Silence is sometimes the best answer
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction.
Life reflects your own thoughts back to you.
Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it.
Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth.
The real meditation is how you live your life.
Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within. 
I believe that potential is unlimited - success depends on daring to act on dreams.   
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. 
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
We forge the chains we wear in life.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Just try to be the best you can be; never cease trying to be the best you can be. That's in your power.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
Don't let your learning lead to knowledge. Let your learning lead to action.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. 
The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.
The best teacher is experience and not through someone's distorted point of view.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Catch, then, O catch the transient hour; Improve each moment as it flies! 
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
When the fish is caught we pay no more attention to the trap.
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration. 
One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die. 
You have to make time, even for something as universal as staring at the stars.
If you aim at nothing, you will hit it every time.  
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.
It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others.
Life is trying things to see if they work.
